The Tokyo Boat test were sent to the
And what will y'all gather?
What you do is to contribute to our life.
This time, we'll have the challenge to participate in the Почему contest.
In the pre- glory of this contest,
...exís...
...identity andasına dynasty.
He is a 여러분 which has both characteristics andhm- lunch in length.
But in the material that he wears...
...he always wears traditional fashion of Admiral Hanäcke.
AP of his.
I am here today to receive the honor of the Prime Minister.
I would like to congratulate you on this honor.
The Great East Japan War is a new war and a new era of construction.
It is not necessary to say that we need a lot of goods and construction materials.
However, in order to make this great war a strong one,
we need to increase the production of our country's industry.